Oscar here from some professional
reviews today I will be unboxing the
final audio design heaven 6cg IMS let's
thank hi-fi headphones in England for
sending me these to review they're not
particularly new anymore but I will be
reviewing them fully they come in a very
premium box here on this piece of paper
you have some information about the
headphones they are single balanced
armature and here we have the box it's
kind of imitation snakeskin crocodile
skin type feel it's a bit odd but it
does give a nice feel to the box inside
as you see it is a very premium case so
it's a mirror finish hard metal case and
inside it's foam to protect them and
here are the headphones themselves
as you can say the build quality of them
is superb they really are a work of art
they have a brown cable it's a flat
cable so it won't tangle let's see what
microphone x2 like ya see written is
final they are the build quality and
design is very high quality as you would
expect for the price as well but as you
can tell they are fingerprint magnets
they will get a lot of fingerprints on
the case and on the IMS themselves
underneath here and you have some
instructions
and also the extra ear tips not a wider
area tips you just get the standard
small medium and large single flange
tips but there's enough of them for you
to get a good fit with at least one pair
of tips and anybody that owns lots of in
ear headphones will have plenty of tips
home to experiment with so there's not
much included in terms of accessories
but you do get the necessary tips and I
really do like this case and just the
whole feel of the in-ear monitors is
very nice they do have right and left
underneath and I think yeah their
attention to detail is very very high
okay I'll be reviewing this fully soon
and the review will be up on my blog
thank you for watching this unboxing
video